Messaging Fundamentals section: shared concepts for campaigns and Canvases (#9290)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/messaging_fundamentals/localization.md

| 10 | 3 | es | Hola |
| 11 | 3 | pt | Oi |
| 12 | 3 | de | Hallo |
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3 .reset-td-br-4 role="presentation"}
{% endsubtab %}
{% endsubtabs %}

These catalog items can them be referenced using [personalization]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/catalog/#using-catalogs-in-a-message), shown below, or [selections]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/personalization_and_dynamic_content/catalogs/selections) that allow you to create groups of data. 

{% raw %}
```liquid
{% catalog_items translations 1 %}
{{items[0].body}} 
//returns “Hey”
```
{% endraw %}
{% endtab %}

{% tab Locale messages %}

> Add and use [locales in your messaging]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/using_locales) to target users in different languages all within a single email campaign or Canvas. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add and use locales in your message to target users in different languages all within a single campaign or Canvas for the email or push channels. For a full walkthrough, refer to [Locales in email messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/email/using_locales/) or [Locales in push messages]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/using_locales/).
```
